Just started playing this game two weeks ago.
It is so different from the other AAA games. It is a masterpiece!⚡️
The exploration, story, combat and everything else is top notch. In fact, you can consider getting a switch for these Zelda games alone.
Coming here after beating it again before starting off ToTK

Calling this game anything less than "Masterpiece" would be an offense.
Please man, play tears of the kingdom and give us your thoughts, I need that video 😂
Looking forward to your review for Tears of the Kingdom, Chris! I'm a huge BOTW fan and so far, it's fantastic.
YES
Couldn't get into the game.....the shrine puzzles were way to hard and annoying!!
Maaaj do the tears of the kingdom review
So I got a switch and breath of the Wild a few days ago and although I haven't had a chance to play it yet your review made me anticipate playing even more
Your arguments were spot on, exactly what my critisisms are with the game, and these mostly carried over to the TOTK. If this not a first party Nintendo title it would be rated 8/10 at best. It's a good game, great even, but no where near the best or one of the best games of all time. Judging by the dislikes, clearly the Nintenbois don't like improvement and will accept whatever they are given.
Awesome game. And that’s enough. Elden Ring raised the bar so much more. Can’t believe Tears of the kindom got a 10 o several web magazines. It’s a clone from an awesome 6 year old game. It’s was awesome but quite old and inevitably outdated by so many good games.
Just started playing this game two weeks ago.
It is so different from the other AAA games. It is a masterpiece!⚡️
The exploration, story, combat and everything else is top notch. In fact, you can consider getting a switch for these Zelda games alone.
Coming here after beating it again before starting off ToTK

Calling this game anything less than "Masterpiece" would be an offense.
You know sequel is also 10. Tears of joy.
If your here after tears you are a legend
IGN: BotW is a 10/10

Also IGN: TotK improves on Breath of the Wild in nearly every way
Watching this after the release of tears of the kingdom its hits different
watching this again now that ToTK got the same 10/10.. im so glad im alive playing these games, they're legendary and iconic and it's a privilege playing them. thank you nintendo.
"Incredibly varied locations" coupled with the blandest looking desert lmfao
BOTW walked, so that TOTK could run.
This doesn't deserve a 10/10 at all. If Red Dead Redemption 2 is 10/10, this game is at most 7/10. It was bland, and being able to do things the way you want to just gets boring and repetitive.
Totk makes this look like a beta….that’s impressive
Just 3 more days....
Just a few more days until we get the TOTK review!
Who's back here in 2023 gettin' hyped for Tears of the Kingdom?
Wait. A game review where the journalist actually finished the game?
This is still by far one of the best reviews I’ve seen - Great job!
Got this game in 2019, and I’m only 40% done
finally, a IGN rating that is actually true.
This guy knows what he's doing
not the guy who doesn't even like sonic rating sonic games
If this game comes to PC I'll be happy as heck.
This game makes you FEEEEEEL like you’re Link…
if ign give it a 10/10 you know it is worth it
A non pc game is not a real game. Outta here
The best game ever made.
greatest video game ever made . nintendo .
One of the best open world games i've played in my life can't wait for Tears of the Kingdom to come out in my birthday.
I'm about to start the journey
Elden Ring basically took this as a blueprint. Love it!
Just so IGN knows it takes 100’s upon 100’s of hours if you’re playing without tutorials and without glitches.
40hrs! It's taken me 3 yrs!
Is this still worth to play in 2022 ? Thinking about getting Switch finally
the first play through of this game was amazing mind blowing this game really has a place in gaming history
Amazing game
. . .and then years later, genshin impact is born
2022 and still a masterpiece
Such a amazing game 650 hours in it
Genshin Impact has some explaining to do.
If you are finding a perfect reason to buy Nintendo Switch. This game is it.
So is this the best Zelda game ever made?
This review was well done. Stunning game.
.
Gamingboy11116537ewqglop
W
Why does it sound like Joe Rogan is giving us a review
Why did he call the Divine Beasts “dungeons”?
amazing game.
Love amazing open tech games like this. Making a 3D plattformer myself
Thanks
Was my first Zelda game that made me a fan of the legend of Zelda franchise
Is Joe Rogan doing this voice over lol
You guys are either handing out 10/10s like candy now a days, or we truly are in a golden age of video games that pump out 2-3 10/10 games a year
They need to make a Elden Ring of the Wild
One of the goats for sure.
This game is way to difficult and definitely not a 10/10 for me personally…
Just got this. Going to be so fun.
Just binged this game over the last week. Incredible open world experience and keeps you always entertained and wanting more
weak review
Just picked up a Switch and will be getting this as soon as possible.
the bokoblins scream sounds like Samara Weaving
Can you not believe this game was already 5 years old? It still feels like a new a game to me, it's amazing how this game aged great for a while
happy 5th anniversary botw
My favourite game of all time
This is probably the best Zelda game ever since even after you beat the story part of the game their is still so much more to do
This is probably my favourite game of all time
Elden Ring for kids.  🥰🕯️
Overhyped not game that you would want to play again.
Nintendo/10
Is Genshin impact inspired from this???
Looks mid
I’m only now playing this. Absolutely masterful.
This is not only the best Zelda game, it’s the best game of all time…
10? Bah
pokemon arceus 2022 should have use this open world design.
Biggest disappointment for me was the lack of differentiation of the dungeon bosses…
Got gifted a Switch OLED for Christmas along with this and it's quickly became one of my top favorite games of all time
Only thing boring about this game was the music
Great game the art style is like a oil or pastel painting
“Breath of the Wild is a masterclass in open world design”
How does a Zelda game with no substance get a 10/10?
Is BOTW still worth it to buy now considering its 2017 game?
This game is the best game in the world
Can’t wait for the sequel, it will look amazing on the OLED switch.
Im thinking of buying this or super mario 3d world idk
Boring af I'm at the start of the zoro river please tell me it's almost over! It just running then dialogue then more running I've been playing for a Total of 5 hours as it's all been running!!! NOT WORTH $80
"Enemies and animals behave in a believable manner"

Animal goes up in a puff of smoke.
It's a masterpiece....
Still playing this even 4 years after release. Truly a masterpiece.
Damn, this game looks BEAUTIFUL
Literally the best game on earth. Literally not joking.
Great Masterpiece, Link!
LINK: Thank you!
A little something for everyone
2:05 waaaayyyyyy better GAME OVER  screen than baldo. Hahaha
Never forget waking up in resurrection shrine! Masterpiece 👌
deep combat LOL
Why does this kinda remind me of horizon zero dawn
This or Bayonetta 2 or Mario Kart 8?
I just bought a switch lite
Phew 😅 wanted to make sure this was rated higher than Fortnite
Huh, sounds like Skyrim in a lot of ways…
Just got our switch 2 days ago...

First time to play any zelda game, just got this game yesterday and just started around 5 hours in.
Never played a Zelda game before, but might actually pick this one up cause it looks gorgeous🤩🤩
Please man, play tears of the kingdom and give us your thoughts, I need that video 😂
Looking forward to your review for Tears of the Kingdom, Chris! I'm a huge BOTW fan and so far, it's fantastic.
Recommend on the day of Tears of the Kingdom. The hype was so similar I love it
Can someone show that dickhead Joseph Anderson this video? Fucking dickhead.
No matter what year or title it is, LOZ has always been a master class of game making for its time
I just started playing botw. its the best game i have ever played. Every single detail is perfect
Love those action figures behind you bro, especially Batman and Dutch(with Predator).
I guess you gotta be a Zelda fan to call it one of the best games of all time. I mean it's really good but I played better RPGs or games in general.
Dying to see more game reviews from you! Here's hoping you do one on Tears of the Kingdom!
With that tear, you hinted the sequel.
no one feels that it has no soundtrack, or are yall just deaf?
okay... Now try Elden Ring.
Look at skinny Stuck!
Its my favorite zelda game too and ive played most of them.
I feel this game is too long, no way I can beat this game in one sitting, so coming back to it I can forget what my goal was
Tried playing every other Zelda. Hated them all.
Played this one last night. Loved it.
The game is definitely relaxing, to the point it puts me to sleep. Having two kids, wife and work, it's a good game to play and relax and forget about the real world.
Unfortunately I almost never like things that are popular with the masses. This included :( to me it was so boring! who gives a dam about the world, every game has a world WHERES THE CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT WHERE'S THE MOTIVATION TO DO ANYTHING. It's just boring I'm so angry I paid $80 for this
Great review!!
So wait, it's Skyrim?
This game is from 2017 , 4 years later and I still playing
I LOVE how giddy he is in this video. He really does share my enthusiasm for this game.
no grade other than 10 is acceptable for this masterpiece
Never played a Zelda game but I want this. Worth it?
I wonder if he’s seen the trailer that just dropped for the sequel. I hope he does a review for the game when it comes out 2022!
I want to see this treatment for a pokemon game.
But with realistic graphics as well.
I wasn't looking forward to this i was sick of open worlds and so many of the mechanics like weapon degradation and towers u usually hate in other games and yet i dont mind them in this it is now my favorite game of all time and i never though anything would change my top 5 but this feels like a super mario 64 kinda game in that it feels like it will change a lot of future
The framerate is a major flaw but emulators fixes that.
I'm currently stuck on the memory segment right now.
I love the cooking system too. I never skip it either. This game is awesome and I can't put it down. I'm playing it for 2 or 3 hours a day. It's absolutely great!
Am i the only one that would rather have a remastered version of Zelda Majora’s Mask or Zelda Ocarina Of Time on the Nintendo Switch
Ugh now you think you can review video games.  Yikes.
The Zelda theme isn’t in this game tho so that kinda sux
❤️ your videos man. Completely agree
Well shit dude. Guess I gotta go buy this a few years later.
A camera? Kinda imagined this universe yah no, without technology.
Great review. Keep up the good work!!
This is easily the best game ever made.
Totally agree with every word.
A great game, I'm pretty sure it's the best Zelda. But only 60% sure. Orcarina of time, back in it's day 22 years ago, was just that good.
*☼ stuckman! do you do game reviews?* _do i say that everytime?_
Anyone watch princess mononoke after playing this and notice the insane similarity?
“One of the best game I have ever played easily”—like the video right away loll
I got the Wii on launchday for Twilight Princess. The kid standing next to me in line was getting the new Rampage game. 🤣
Need more game reviews from chris
Ive never been more disappointed by a game than this one. I dont think this can be fairly called a zelda game.
I wish my wifes reaction to me spending hours on this game was intrigue... lol
Hey, don't worry about backlash from the "Ocarineers". My favorite Zelda game is Twilight Princess and as far as I can gather, that's kind of nobody else's, so...

I think the best thing - just because it actually comes from geuine choice and want in this game - is that you can do anything but what you're "supposed" to do, with a clear conscience. You can do all the side quests, hunt blupies, catch horsies, ride Lynels, play tag with hinoxes, shield surf down Hyrule castle (shoutout to DougDoug - check him out), find a waifu atop a frozen mountain peak, ambush and bully bokoblins, buy and decorate your house, help out with establishing a village, spar with moblins - all this crap just because why the heck not. And most of it you get rewarded for! THIS is how you pad out game-time, Western developers.
Is this game hard 🤔
Chris’s Link cooking impression is...flawless
This game is so so beautiful! I want to tame a horse in this game. Oh my God! So beautiful!
I’ve seen comments where people say BOTW has no story... wtf? I think BOTW is probably one of the best Zelda games for storyline. They even have DLC for the heroes’ stories, like where else do you see that. It’s an amazing game. Deffs 10/10 it’s the reason I even have a switch.
My only gripe is the rain...
I just ordered the game and this review just made me more exited
Watching him fanboy over this game was so funny 😂😂 but honestly same because this game is awesome.
'sup Cyberpunks? For a progressive read on themes of inclusiveness and empowerment please Google my new sci fi fantasy novel 'The Music Of The Spheres' by David Dangerfield' .  Themes include Australian indigenous culture, music, fashion, politics, ecological disaster, an harmonic pandemic, mythology and metaphysics... Paperback and economical eBook (instant entertainment for enduring a lockdown) now available worldwide online and in-store. At just over 100 pages it is designed to be a quick but mind bending read featuring surreal and poetic layers describing music and dance, as well as song lyrics. Published with Austen MaCauley of London.

Story synopsis: The world of the not-too distant future is plagued with ecological disaster, economic collapse and ruled by a tyrannical corporation called Omni. A twelve year old Afghan named Orpheus, cast among millions of ecological and political victims within a mass detention center in central Australia, can bend reality with their singing voice... Careful to evade Omni's brutal oppression and obsessive control over emerging new dimensional possibilities known as the 'The Spheres', Orpheus teaches their gifts there to a growing counter culture of 'Orphics'. With the help of a blind Australian indigenous elder named Yunuringa and the arrival of the comet causing the dimensional anomalies, prophesied to be an ancient artificial intelligence arc known as The Argus, Orpheus leads the Orphics at mass Corroboree's in The Spheres... With collective voice, they heal the sick, empower the poor and mend the Earth's ecology... Evolving the hearts and minds of all who can hear... The Music of the Spheres..

About the Author : Whilst working a variety of day jobs in Melbourne, Australia David Dangerfield's consuming passion has been music, composing, performing and recording a considerable trove of instrumental music over many years. From grunge, avant rock, electronic, abstract, ambient and sound scapes to performing and recording soundtracks for short film, dance, theater, arts festival pieces and digital media. To hear new and archive instrumental music by the author please search ‘David Dangerfield’ at @t . David has also been an announcer and music programmer for commercial and public radio, DJ’ed in bars and clubs and consulted to Olympians on music for sports freestyles, amongst many other musical adventures... The culmination of his extensive arts and communication industry experience is his magnum opus, The Music Of The Spheres: an epic seven part musical myth cycle, the first installment of which is this volume-The Songlines Of Orpheus.
I’ve said it many times and I will say it again, this is my favorite game I’ve ever played.
I really recommend Odyssey if you haven't played that :) would love to see a review of that and Metroid??
The best part of the game really was just wandering the world. It could be surprisingly chill and relaxing assuming there wasn't a Lionel around.
Very solid game. Love that they tried a new approach. I like the shrine system concept, but it’s a pretty tedious and unrewarding. Love the food gathering/cooking concept. 
No complaints about the weapons either, I actually like that they break. 
The menu feels pretty clunky and unorganized, needs some simple tweaking. 
The mechanics of the game feel great for a Nintendo product, especially a game this massive.
The map size/content ratio needs some work also. To many times the map feels dead or empty. 
All in all I give it 8/10.
my only flaw with this game is how short the main quest was. And how underwhelming the final boss fight was. So i guess two flaws.
Breath of the wild is my favorite game of all time and I have 357 hours on the game
Rain... cough cough
Breath of the wild came out 3 years ago. Help I´m racing to my death.
“No one truly knows who you are, so you gotta prove yourself” 
Sidon: :(
I think this game is fun and good but really chris? Best puzzles REALLY!!!! Like dude the marble ones oh wait u can only do this with a wii u i think but you k ow how i solve em i make the ball fall of while ots reloading i turn the platform around and poof its solved no walls or nothing just one big flat square or whatever shape said puzzle is and ots easy as hell. And of u go on YouTube literally almost every shrine has a cheat like this u can get the rewards and basically skip the entire section of the game.
Just posted my own review of the game, would love to hear what you guys think? :)
Right now I’m playing BOTW and as a person who only ever played Pokémon. This outright crushed Pokémon. This has got to be my favorite video game as of now (still gotta play the South Park games and Sekiro) I love the story, open world, endless possibilities you can do and how this game lets you go your own pace.
  My English teacher has also played it and enjoyed it. I used the Nintendo switch lite even though the screen is indeed small. I still enjoy the game for what it is! Definitely picking up the sequel
10/10? Only a sith deals in absolutes!
This is also one of my favorites games of all time, if not my favorite.  No other game has given me the exploration that I've wanted out of a video game.  My only critique, is that I wished it was a little more structured with a scaling difficulty.  I was so OP by the time I reached all the bosses, that the fight was somewhat anticlimactic. I basically Urbosa Furied them into existence.  Hopefully, botw 2 will strike a balance between open world exploration and progression.
Finally Vulkan for Cemu, hello Zelda on Pc. 😊
Y don't you do the witcher series?
Im geekin out on this game right now. So great.
1:59 "It all seamlessly blends together as a realistic place" I don't know man. I recently found myself climbing down a cliff and went from 10 ºC to -14 in just a meter... The temperature goes up and down without any sense. My main complaint of the game is how fast the days go by and how unnatural the weather feels. Other than minor complaints about the combat and weapon system, the game is awesome.
Review super Mario Odyssey 👌👌
Hey Chris wout you please review the new god of war game yust like you thouts on it sorry for poor english
Give us more game reviews please:)
Can you review Skyward Sword?
Well the only flaw in this game is the rain other than that I have nothing negative to say about it
Hi, just wanted to say that I enjoyed your impression Link humming and reacting to cooked dishes.
i give u a dislike for lieing i dont like people that lie the weapons u should tell people about that mess u should be black list for not telling the truth
u forgot to say anything about the weapons breaking problem
people and there puzzles do u think about the people that cant do puzzles i am not good at puzzles so how do I play if the puzzles get in my way not everyone is good at puzzles u did not play it the weapons break he said no problems that saids  he did not play it so this guy he lie
your weapons break and thats a problem i am still waiting for them to take that mess out i dont want to play anymore into they take that out Nintendo please take the weapons breaking mess out i can't take that
I’m a big Zelda fan but I don’t love this game. I wish I had your enthusiasm about it. I just get bored 20 minutes in every time. I’m at like 3 hours play time in 6 momths
if only skyrim was like this.
Other way around it's on the switch kinda. It was ported to the switch from Wii u
I still play the game casual mode and still didint finish it yet ! One of the best game ever !!!
GTA Zelda edition?
Y Ayu gae?
I bought a used Wii U just to play this game
Why is it so good? I'm thinking of getting ir but haven't play Zelda before and don't know whaat is really so greaat about it.
So I am not the only one who does only shrine hunting without giving a shit about main quest line.
Chris! After watching your review and being a Zelda fan for some years now I went out and bought a switch just to play this game and I agree it is a 10/10!!!! :DDDD
I purchased a switch 2 play Zelda, it was worth it
Who’s still playing in 2019?
Chris I miss your video game reviews!
Odyssey next? Mario was insanely spectacular
so please review HZD!
Oh boy, wait till you play Red Dead Redemption 2
YES
Couldn't get into the game.....the shrine puzzles were way to hard and annoying!!
I'm going to start this game. Let's see if I am myself anymore after this
7:22 ...and the most impressive game Nintendo has ever created... yet
One of my favorite things about this game is how you choose your battles
You could look at a camp of high ranking enemies but you may lose more weapons than rewarded
On the other hand you could fight a group of low leveled bokoblins and keep your weapons fairly intact but will receive low leveled weapons as a result
The Risk and Reward system in the game keeps it interesting for the many hours to come and even when you have seen it all when it comes to combat, The amount of Shrines that exist just makes you stronger and more agile which keeps it fresh and interesting for the long run

The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is truly a masterpiece of a game only bringing excitement and thrill as you progress opposed to other games which the progression lacks in any fun or thrill when you equip yourself in powerful gear

This makes starting more then 3 runs still keeps it fresh and ensures that you will be guaranteed fun with every one
This game is truely an iconic and breathtaking game it’s opportunity’s for missions and quests are endless and even if you are taking a break from trying to stop the forces of evil in breath of the wild there is so much to explore which is all pictured in stunning Graphics. This is one of the best storyline games I have played. Praise to Breath of the wild.
I started playing this game and couldn't even make it past the first part , not sure what to do. 
I'll restart on my new switch oled and see if I missed anything silly .
Can  anyone help i am playing it in cemu emulator pc , link always runs he never walks , can we walk at all in zelda?
Majestic game
So this game has no negatives?

It's been 5 years but I have to say:

Nice review bro
I just recently bought nintendo switch and could only afford 1 game at the moment. Would this game be the best one to pick up compared to MH rise/sunbreak, nier automata and bayonetta 2? This looks like an endgame game, that one game to rule them all.
It's really that good, also in my opinion. I had an amazing time playing it.
5 years later just played it. best game I ever played. Elden what?
This is just the Zelda version of Rosen ring
Never played zelda. I know the history of this game is excellent but i am too old too start over from game 1. can i start this game without having too much trouble in story and gameplay?
Never played a Zelda game before, got a switch OLED and after seeing high praise for this game I bought it. Got completely lost in it for a few months, its im my top 3 games of all time. I won't go into detail but you can tell right from the start that this game was created with patience and love. The enjoyment of exploration and discovery is unparalleled in any other game. Its worth buying a switch just for this game. My only criticism would be a fully customisable UI. I would like to turn off ALL counters and displays to fully immerse myself in the world. The stamina wheel really started to annoy me being right in the middle of the screen. The world is so beautiful, detailed and immersive that I don't want any UI interfering with the view whilst I'm exploring. Boss battles should be harder too. Buy this game now before you die, you will not regret it. Excited for BOTW2, hopefully they implement weapon crafting.
75+ hours in and I didn't even know you could slide down hills on your shield 😅 Crazy game
No offense, but it’s not all about enemies…
Just ordered the game on eBay (I know I’m late) super excited
Nintendo/10
Iv played this game when it came 
And ill still play it
Well, looks like I'm shopping
What is the music at the beginning of this video?
@gamespot, what is the music called that you used starting at 7:02? Sounds great.
i'm sorry, i wasted 4 years not playing this game
Well done.
This is single handedly the best game review ever
Barely an hour into it and it's amazing
If you have a switch but not botw you need to buy it
Over 4 years old and I still play this every week. It’s a true masterpiece in my opinion, can’t wait for botw2
BotW might be the best Zelda game, it might be the best Switch game, but it's definitely not a 10/10 game that these publications are tripping over themselves to fawn over, they've got their tongue so far up Nintendo it's embarrassing. BotW can't hold a candle up to games like Witcher 3, Skyrim, or Fallout. I'm about to defeat my 3rd Devine Beast, the game is enjoyable, the puzzle tombs are great, but there is also a lot wrong with the game that definitely means it isn't a 10/10... the plot is practically non existent, it's so paper thin it's practically transparent, it's laughably bad... the majority of the NPC side quests are pathetic time wasting filler content of no consequence and the reward you get at the end for all your hard work is usually something inconsequential like a meal that you could have made yourself in 5 seconds... the monster encampments get repetitive very quickly... the draw distance for detailed objects is abysmal, rocks and flowers are literally appearing two steps in front of Link the engine or the Switch is so underpowered... your conversations with NPCs play out the same no matter what option you choose apart from an inconsequential sub comment... the not being able to climb in wet weather is very annoying when the place you need to get to requires climbing and you have to wait for the rain to stop... the tomb guardians of which there are many say the same thing over and over and over, thank God you can skip the dialogue, what's the point in them saying anything at all if they can't do anything but repeat the same stock phrases. I am enjoying the game, but it annoys me when a game with so many failings, however good, is awarded a perfect score.
Is it worth getting a switch just for this game
4 years later and I'm just picking this game up
Currently playing this game for the first time 

Enjoying tf out of it
Best game of the decade by far.
I'm so glad I got to get to live to see the day a Zelda game would be what we once envisioned in a Zelda game thirty years ago.
can't wait for breath of the wild 2 to come out
Does anybody know what the music tracks they used in this video are?  They're all pretty fantastic.
You had me at princess mononoke
Never played any Zelda games before. Might give it a shot since I bought the Switch
Nintendo E3 showcase is next week… I hope we get Zelda news
I've played this game for well over 600 hours now and I have yet to 100% it. Just goes to show how much content there really is.
I’m 430 hours in and still haven’t beaten the game on master mode, I got all the shrines and did all the dlc on normal mode and holy shit this is the best game of all time
Bought this game with the switch for Christmas I love it <3 at first I thought it was a boring zelda game i was wrong its really not that difficult I'm not too far into the game it is a good zelda title as far as switch comes I can't wait until skyward sword comes out this summer haven't played that one yet I hope they come out with ocarina of time and majora's mask for the switch I don't see why they wouldn't i have been playing zelda for nearly 30 years classic game for sure
Juiii
Ookk
Ldldowoqooo
Oqoqoq
Just bought a switch for this game. My second switch. Bought one for my son last year. Lol
*casualy installs cemu to play*
Worth buying a nintendo switch for on its own !!!! Absolute life stealing experience, it is beyond amazing.
This game is wonderful. There are challenges, rewards and friendly people. It is truly a masterpiece.
I'm a Hardcore Sony Fanboy I was pissed I couldn't get a PS5 on Release month and I'm shure I won't be getting one soon because theres none in stock, so I decided to get a switch and check this game out no regrets thank you Nintendo this game is amazing!!!! I'm excited for the Next Zelda game even tho I'm not done with the first
“And interact with FRIENDLY npcs”

*Yiga clan theme intensifies*
i finally was able to pick up breath of the wild early 2021 after a long, grueling,  5 year hiatus from gaming and i must say, i am extremely impressed, i almost feel like a kid again and can't put it down :-D
How much were they paid for this review?
A joyous game, a lot of intelligence is used when playing it, whether in limited weapons management or in the use of the assets you have in fighting.
Best game of 2017 hands down.
The dislikes are from horizon zero dawn only fans
Is the intro song from the game? Sounds like it would be but can’t find it
Best game I’ve ever played.
Color in this game looks so bad
I wish there was an option to catch pokemon in this game lol
If this game doesn't get 10/10, no game will
Game is a masterpiece no doubt, very beautifully depicted in this review, after seeing it, I went out and bought a switch and this game, all this time later I don't regret buying a console for just one game... watching this again makes me want to start the journey again, well done Gamespot & reviewer!!
I’ve never played a Zelda game. Should I get this. I’ve played Dragon Quest Builders 2
No doubt why this title was a goty...
2020 still playing this masterpiece of a game. Perfection.
This reminds me of the breath of fire games
2020. Played for the first time on a new Switch Lite. OMG! I thought nothing could top Ocarina but this game definitely does. It ruined my life for 3 months.
Who’s here after the Warriors game reveal?
OG Xbox fan here, I only got into the Switch in May 2020 after not owning a Nintendo console since the Gamecube. Breath Of The Wild is best exclusive on any console ever. My usual games are Read Dead 2, GTA, Apex, Halo, Battlefront and other more ''adult games'' but BotW is a master class in gaming, 170 hours into the game, and i'm still in awe.
this is a commercial, not a review. (i'm not disputing the greatness of this game)
“This makes even late game exploration tense”

Me laughing with my powered up master sword and lynel gear
First Zelda game I ever played, one of the best games I've ever played.
This game is refreshing and sometimes frustrating in that it tells you how to do next to nothing. I end up looking a fair amount of things up but the experience of figuring things out on your own is also rewarding. It's hard to agree with a 10 out of 10 though with such a barebones story. I know this is Nintendo's thing but to me nothing felt consequential. That did not bother me in Mario Odyssey but in a slower paced game like this, it's a drag. I end up taking months long breaks from playing this and in 2020 I still have not beaten it.
NintenDO what SegAIN'T
0:35 pun intended








"And willing to go to great LINKS to secure valuable resources"
'sup Cyberpunks? For a progressive read on themes of inclusiveness and empowerment please Google my new sci fi fantasy novel 'The Music Of The Spheres' by David Dangerfield' .  Themes include Australian indigenous culture, music, fashion, politics, ecological disaster, an harmonic pandemic, mythology and metaphysics... Paperback and economical eBook (instant entertainment for enduring a lockdown) now available worldwide online and in-store. At just over 100 pages it is designed to be a quick but mind bending read featuring surreal and poetic layers describing music and dance, as well as song lyrics. Published with Austen MaCauley of London.

Story synopsis: The world of the not-too distant future is plagued with ecological disaster, economic collapse and ruled by a tyrannical corporation called Omni. A twelve year old Afghan named Orpheus, cast among millions of ecological and political victims within a mass detention center in central Australia, can bend reality with their singing voice... Careful to evade Omni's brutal oppression and obsessive control over emerging new dimensional possibilities known as the 'The Spheres', Orpheus teaches their gifts there to a growing counter culture of 'Orphics'. With the help of a blind Australian indigenous elder named Yunuringa and the arrival of the comet causing the dimensional anomalies, prophesied to be an ancient artificial intelligence arc known as The Argus, Orpheus leads the Orphics at mass Corroboree's in The Spheres... With collective voice, they heal the sick, empower the poor and mend the Earth's ecology... Evolving the hearts and minds of all who can hear... The Music of the Spheres..

About the Author : Whilst working a variety of day jobs in Melbourne, Australia David Dangerfield's consuming passion has been music, composing, performing and recording a considerable trove of instrumental music over many years. From grunge, avant rock, electronic, abstract, ambient and sound scapes to performing and recording soundtracks for short film, dance, theater, arts festival pieces and digital media. To hear new and archive instrumental music by the author please search ‘David Dangerfield’ at @t . David has also been an announcer and music programmer for commercial and public radio, DJ’ed in bars and clubs and consulted to Olympians on music for sports freestyles, amongst many other musical adventures... The culmination of his extensive arts and communication industry experience is his magnum opus, The Music Of The Spheres: an epic seven part musical myth cycle, the first installment of which is this volume-The Songlines Of Orpheus.
Can somebody please tell me what is the opening tune of this video?
To everyone here look up a video on satori mountain then go there it’s just plain breathtaking
FERMILIAR isn't a word
Is this game anything like dark souls? I love Zelda but I'm worried the lack of static dungueons might ruin my experience
Just beat it. Blown away completely. Hopefully the Metroid game is as addictive as this one. ^_^
BELIEVE THE HYPE!
this reviewer really likes to use the word veritable.. did he learn that shit the day of??
3 years on bought the switch just for this game.... worth it!!! and awesome job on this review GameSpot, if it doesn't raise hairs on the back of your neck nothing will!
Is it worth buying a switch only for this game?
Nintendo doesn’t have to have ground breaking graphics or be “mature.” What they succeed in is mostly fun and easy going games that are easy to pick up and are easy to play with friends.
“But you never fell totally invincible.”

Tell that to 40 something Lynels that have so graciously handed over their Savage Lynel Bows and Crushers over the many many hours. Now they just look at me, growl to themselves, and beg for no more blood moons.
i NEED it NOW
Just posted  my own review of the game, would love you guys to check it out :D
I’ve gotta buy this! Almost done with DQ XIs.... that is an excellent game! And Diablo III... pretty dam good as well!! Need a bigger SD card though!
twilight x wind waker x open world  freedom  <3
No other game would get a 10/10.
I miss not knowing how to play this game
Top 3 best games ever created period!!! If this is a look at zelda to come were str8 lol
Music? especially at the end...
Japan pls cure me of my disgusting ungodly form i beg of you make me as perfect as you oh japan you are the most beautiful thing that ever happend to earth you shine in this DEVILISH world I'll pray for you a 100 times a day if i must so pls my wish is to see one thing perfect in this world i don't think you're perfect i KNOW you're perfect
Qqq
Maaaj do the tears of the kingdom review
So I got a switch and breath of the Wild a few days ago and although I haven't had a chance to play it yet your review made me anticipate playing even more
I really wish we could still use these Sheikah Slate abilities in TOTK.

Although Magnesis would be a bit redundant
Red dead redemption 2? 👀 YES WE STILL REMEMBER LOL
Literally still playing it. So much to do. So much content!
It is amazing that Zelda was pretty mediocre in almost everything but still is 1000% one of the best games ever made because of the world building
Gotta disagree with the music take respectively. You got Gerudo Town, Zora’s Domain, Hateno Village c’mon its not even subjective
What kind of a review is that? Have you even finished the game
I run or turn away when there is a Lynel! Those beings scares the shit out of me!😂😂😂
This game was nearly perfect. But I had 2 complaints. The shrines though fun to find, the puzzles can get repetitive. And the divine beast are all kind of the same, not unique like the dungeons in past games.
Botw is severely overrated. Its basically the same content spread over a giant map. The game stops surprising u once u see the unique venues spread across the map. Same enemies and bosses on the overworld, nothing unique. Seeing a lynel for the first time was amazing, for the 10th time, it becomes repetitive. Compare it elden ring or skyrim, i always felt surprised. Also there are no underground dungeons minus the shrines which were all the same and you know what to expect: puzzle or enemy > spirit orb.
5:26 Dude, hearty durians are so much easier to find, and they give you 4 extra hearts when cooked. As soon as I had 18 heart containers, I’d cook up a ton of triple durians and basically be at max health for every major fight.
The red dead 2 video is going to be (3 years and 1 playthrough later) because it's just that good and that vast
I just bought a switch, and got BOTW, and I'm hooked, probably haven't been this hooked in years...
It's the end of july 21, & I probably won't need another game until BOTW 2 comes out... It's probably been a decade since I've been this excited to wake up just to play a game! It's amazing, I can't believe it took me 4 years to finally get this.
The theme that starts when you go to Hyrule Castle is extremely good
I'm still stuck in the tutorial, and getting my ass wooped. I must be doing something wrong.
To those who don't like the divine beasts cause they all look the same, story and lore wise, it makes sense that they're all the same.
Breath of the wild literally makes me feel like I’m actually I’m a different world
This is one of my favorite games of all time and my favorite Zelda game but I have a few problems with it. Let's get the two obvious things out of the way, Rain and The Dungeons. The rain makes the game more annoying. Now with the dungeons,I enjoyed them on my first Playthrough,but on my second one,I kinda just wanted to get it over with honestly. Thank god The Champions Ballad have us a great dungeon. I wasn't a big fan of repeated asthetics. All Shrines look the same,all stables look the same,ya know add some variety maybe. Shrines,I get it,but the stables don't have to look the same. My final 2 complaints are the enemy variety and the ending. In the ending,the fact that it takes you back to before the fight after beating Ganon made me feel empty,and the cutscene was lackluster. The enemy variety was fine,but due to how big the world is,it just got old fast. 


Once again,I love this game,it's either my 2nd or my favorite game of all time,but no game has no flaws
7:10 "It is a completionist's paradise."
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Try looking for all of the Korok seeds.
Then tell me with a straight face that this game is a completionist's paradise.
*☼ ok. ok. ill play it.*
I really wanted to enjoy this game, but I just couldn’t get into it. I’ve never been a big fan of Zelda games but I still gave this a try. I can say that it was a beautiful game though!
get on with the review for fucks sake
Finally bought a switch, finally bought BOTW. Finally beat it.
I got neverwinter experience and bothw experience:) I  use the classic sword🗡 shield🛡 in neverwinter it's like zelda a bit but with mmo elements :) then secondary character is bow 🏹 the refrence to "oot master quest difficulty".
I wonder if he is planning to play Hyrule Warriors:AoC
a broken version of the main theme plays at night when you ride a house, really late ik
I found that one seemingly impossible memory without google.  There is an NPC somewhere who will look at the photo and tell you where it is.  Totally random finding him though.
I would only add that if you haven't gotten the sword trials DLC and Champion's Ballad DLC, get that shit.  It's awesome and totally worth it.
"Searching for memory?"
Johnnie Walker bourbon
I thought that the boss fight with Calamity Ganon was very disappointing and I hate it after you defeat Ganon the game sends you back to the main menu because it’s an open world game to me so you should be able to explore the world straight after you defeat Calamity Ganon beaches 😡
I just bought it 3 weeks ago and just beat it today. I didn’t get all the shrines, so I’m going to play it some more, but this is probably my favorite Zelda game since Ocarina.
Mighty Bananas
I'm still disappointed with BoTW the total lack of story and dungeons killed it for me.
It’s almost like you hated it
The game was a beautiful experiment but it lacked lots of stuff for me
Amazing game
I'm Newish to gaming (within the last 7ish years) and just got this game about a month ago. Dang I love it so much.
Currently at 114 shrines, 512 korok seeds, completed all memories, have not been into Death Mountain at all, done all side quests, gotten all the dlc gear. Currently farming for the final gear upgrades on all sets. Then gonna do Death Mountain and all shrines and quests and work on getting the motorbike. Then i wana upgrade the mastersword and finally enter into the Hyrule Castle. 
Loving this game. Have 150hrs in and still have several places to explore. Even found some ridiculously rare weapons climbing to places you shouldn't normal be. Aiming for 100% completion.
How could jeremy beat breath of the wild twice and not rdr2 once. FINISH RDR2 JEREMY
Dude, the zelda theme *is* playing overhead! The overworld theme is a super slowed down version of zeldas lullaby!
Bro you should add gameplay to your reviews
fcking hated the weapons breaking
So I barely started playing breath of the wild a week ago and I’m having so much fun! It has to be one of the best open world games I played. The two others that compete are Red Dead Redemption 2 and Batman Arkham City. Haven’t played Arkham Knight yet but I plan to soon. Just never had the time due to work, school, and playing other games.
1:48 I am dying at this.
The musical themes were often used in story moments. Like the main theme being played on piano in the memory you find at the oasis in the desert.
Totally Fair 
BOTW could literally provide a year's worth of entertainment to any casual player who devotes 2 or 3 hours a day of playthrough
I hated the cumbersome breakable weapons.  I wish there was a kiddy mode where i can switch off that annoying feature and play for fun
515 hours 100 percent complete on Master Mode and Normal Mode.
”Weakest Link”
Link: decides to push a giant running Lynel back with only one Hand and do other crazy stuff.
I'm on my second play-through, because yeah, it's so much fun.
I couldn’t get through to the 3 minute mark because of the way he talks
Lol
holy crap this guy is annoying and his audio just weirdly overlaps...this is horrible. it's like a slightly less annoying Gilbert Gottfried rambling without any pauses
Ever since my horse got pushed off a huge cliff by an enemy I started getting anxiety about the game lmfao bc anything can happen at any time. Literally
The first universally acclaimed game that I dont like. And I do love Zelda.
Four main dungeons, like my favorite "Majora's Mask," plus "Shadow of The Colossus!"
<3
"It's a completionist's paradise."

"The Completionist" Jirard would like a word with you. 😂
Funny thing is it’s the only Zelda game I’ve ever played and it’s one of my favorite games of all time now. 😂
I have never played video games. I love Zelda because of the lore, so I have watched gameplays of previous games. Though, BotW got me playing. It's so enjoyable to explore!! Hyrule is beautiful. This game is so gorgeous, that me, a non-gamer, was convinced to play it.
My biggest grudges with this game
1. No memorable soundtracks, apart from the Dragon Spirit theme and the Hyrule Castle theme
2. No creativity with the bosses whatsoever, and/or dungeons
3. Main story feels way too short
The funny thing is, these are big problems when it comes to Zelda games, but even so, I still cant give this game anything lower than a 9.5/10
And now after E3 2019, there is a part 2 in development, hope you’re ready for it 😁
One of the best games ever made
So original dungons are like shrines if put together. SO instead of spreading out the dungons and making them you have puzzle games you have to complete to get heart...or not because nothing matters in that game and you could beat ganon with a stick if you wanted to.
Jeremy, stop drinking before filming!
do more switch stuff!
Captions on at 4:23
Greatest open world game ever made, yes even better than RDR2. 

Breath of the Wild made me realise how outdated RDR2 was simply by how the latter game literally holds your hand every step of the way through the story.
I still don't get how people see Korok seeds as a good thing. At least when considering the developers intentions. There are only about 15 different types of tasks assigned and a lot of them barely qualify for the same complexity of a fisher price toy. If you want a maxed inventory you will be doing each task an average of 30 times. And 60 if you still consider them worthy of your time and abilities.
And the way so many of them are placed just make me think that they were invented as an easy solution to patch up all of the games forgotten corners. If the Korok seed tasks were removed and the playable landmass was scaled down accordingly, the game wouldn't have suffered a single bit for it. Though I'm also fairly sure the empty space was necessary for the Wii U to keep up.
I was just like Jeremy. Didn't get the switch until yesterday  picked up this game and omg amazing. I hooked!
It's funny I'm 14 hours into this game and it feels like a grind. Sometimes I get bored, sometimes i get frustrated and wanna burn it and sometimes something cool happens and I love it. I'm conflicted about this game.
It's weird I never before played a game I loved and hated at the same time until BOTW.
Just got a new copy for the wii u today for $20, really excited
when you said you had started a new game on Switch I thought you would tell us the difference between these versions
how could you hate mushrooms? you monster! Cook them, add some salt, pepper and cheese sauce!
Shit review. All I see is his face with little to no gameplay.
I would have liked to hear your opinions about the game more that you summarizing it, I have played it, you know
8:04 lol I found that one accidentally
Greatest Zelda followed by Twilight Princess imo. The graphics were amazing as well as the dynamics and physics. The overall depth of terrain and vegetation are outstanding and the open world theme truly tops it off. Overall, 10/10 in my opinion...
85 hours?
I'm playing through it on Switch right now for the 1st time, have completed everything except the Master Trials DLC(trial of the sword), collecting all 900 Korok Seeds(aka Korok poop), and the final boss(Calamity Ganon), and I have almost 200 hours on this game.
Yeah.
I love this game so much!!!!!
Lol only 85 hours?
Horizon Zero Dawn is 2017 GAME OF THE YEAR. Not this Zelda trash.

Breath of the Wild is utterly DOG SHIT!
This review made me finally buy the game
I just finished the game for the first time a few days ago and am just finding your review, and wow, you nailed it.  Not sure how I feel about your review style... but I think I like it.  Subbed.
Very late to the party but I've FINALLY managed to get my hands on a Nintendo switch, just in time for my 22nd birthday!  Breath of the Wild is going to be the very first game I play!
This review is fine. The yelling is not.
That "one forest" is right next to a fucking guardian.... And I only got 15 hearts....
Huh.. a completionist paradise... tell that to the completionist
While it’s a beautiful game, it just ended up feeling like Skyrim-lite for me. It went for halfway between an RPG and a normal zelda title and ended up without my favourite elements of either. Where was the awesome soundtrack? Where was the proper crafting system?

Without a doubt the most beautiful landscape I’ve ever played in but content was a little repetitive
I thought the story was pretty cliché and boring.  The fact tat my weapons always broke was just annoying and I hated how the master sword took so many freakin hearts.
My sister loves and swears by this Zelda as her favorite, so was fun to hear all you liked in it Jeremy.
Weapon durability is the only thing I didn’t like
I put 400 hours into this game, and I regret nothing.  It made me feel like a kid again, I had the same experience. GOTY fo sho.
Shame games aren't full time like movies are for him
I'm about to buy a Nintendo Switch and I'm buying a Switch for Super Mario Odyssey but I will definitely buy BOTW at some point.
It is NEVER too late to post about Breath of the Wild.
When I got my switch, I pretty much had to chose between super mario odyssey and breath of the wild because I only had enough money left over for one of them, and because I played the demo non stop whenever I went to best buy, I chose breath of the wild, and it made me glad I did. Breath of the wild is easily my favorite zelda game. Its so freaking immersive, and I find myself spending hours getting lost in the land of hyrule. To give an example of how much there is to do in the game, I put 140 HOURS into the game before deciding to finally go face ganon. Its so easy to get distracted in breath of the wild, but thats what I love about. Theres always something to see and do in every corner of the games world, and...wait, all of you already know this.
The only I can actually play the game is when I'm hanging out with one of my friends. He has a Switch and the game, but I don't. So we get together to do stuff, and at some point, he lets me play the game and God bless him for that. A solid 10/10 for this game. I love everything
That fuckin’ forest memory man
Your arguments were spot on, exactly what my critisisms are with the game, and these mostly carried over to the TOTK. If this not a first party Nintendo title it would be rated 8/10 at best. It's a good game, great even, but no where near the best or one of the best games of all time. Judging by the dislikes, clearly the Nintenbois don't like improvement and will accept whatever they are given.
Awesome game. And that’s enough. Elden Ring raised the bar so much more. Can’t believe Tears of the kindom got a 10 o several web magazines. It’s a clone from an awesome 6 year old game. It’s was awesome but quite old and inevitably outdated by so many good games.
Honestly an interesting compromises to the weapon and shield degrading might have been an option you could trun on or off anytime or even make it an ingame feature to trun it on or off and the seeds I need to collect enough to increase my inventory as that is forced upon me as I need to have my inventory increased or it will be a fursturating experience for me. I wish you had options to increase it through both side quests/exploration and just throughout the story like heck maybe give us multiple ways to increase our inventory.
Don't know about fanboys buy you always get the ones who like to pick faults where there are non.
Everything you said about the game is what made it no fun for me. But the thing that made me drop it completely, is the sense of reward you got from past zelda is all but gone in BOTW. You're given all your powers at the start, and the treasure chests mostly consist of  weapons you'll break in 5 mins later... 🤷
I kinda agree with you, if this game was not a Zelda game, it would still get a good score but it would never be in the talks for best game ever. Mainstream reviewers turned a blind eye for some of your comments and i fear they will do the same for Tears of the Kingdom
Dude this argument is retarded your retarded for taking the time to make this video witcher 3 is the greatest game of all time but botw is a great game so wtf is your point
To add to the many proboems : Clothing system being an annoyance instead of an actual upgrade system, like Power Bracelets did in the past.. constant swapping required
You are 100 % correct my dear sir.

Worst game in the franchise by far.
at mid playthrough i was afraid to watch vids that downgrade zelda botw in my eyes till now after playing 116 Hour i  watch some of them i totally agree with every thing u said i may  Add Also as an old gamer 26 years old i can say that after 10 to 15 hrs of learning the game core mechanics i got the most fun by knowing new things after that i blasted to the end like a hot knife in butter point is the difficulty of the 4 divine beasts even ganon seems a bit too easy  , a major flaw in the game balance caused by the disicion that was taken to make the game so open  to take it in any order u want  yes exploraition and a walk is in zelda world is soothing and relaxing but it gets a bit too repetitive & a bit empty TLDR yes its a 20 Hrs of Pure enjoyment 10/10 on that but there are some major balancing flaws  Zelda BOTW is a 10/10 game But Dont put it in the scale of the Greatest of All Times Btw in my eyes still to this day there is no game called greatest of all times because in my mind i could imagine greater ideas to be in a video game .
No, it is that good. There are a few Zelda games that I don’t really care for. I thought Skyward Sword was horrible. And yet this game is a masterpiece in open world design. While watching your review you remind me of the same kind of people who will look at perfect movies or masterful stories and react with a kind of “meh”. You’re probably one of those people who think The Shawshank Redemption is a good movie but not that amazing. I’m sure you would listen to the final trailer music of Tears of the Kingdom and say “it’s ok”. And say that 98% of everyone else are just brain washed. This isn’t the case though. The harsh truth is (and I mean this with respect my friend) that you suffer from a “tone deff” effect when it comes to beauty and masterpieces. To look at a game like BOTW and say it has too many flaws is just basically admitting publicly that nothing will ever impress you. If you can’t see the beauty in this game then you are tone deff my dude. I’m very sorry ❤️ 😂
Holy do I disagree with the content fluff opinion. Sure, there definitely could have been more rewards for explorer and that would have been amazing but I loved every time I found a shrine (that was a puzzle, not test of strength or a blessing cause those sucked) and the 900 korok seeds to me are just a way for me to enjoy the landscape while also getting something small. If anything I wish there were more shrines because I loved getting bite sized puzzles and don’t think there could ever be enough.
Not really a review, the positive aspects were just glossed over or not even mentioned at all. That said, you're not wrong, just maybe title the video with something other than review, like flaws or problems or criticisms or something like that.
I still haven’t finished this game I tried to play a few different times but it’s just boring a lot of walking around weapons breaking falling off cliffs when it rains or stamina is low to many dame corny shrines etc this was so overhyped and I still can’t get my head around how they got game of the year lmao I’ma probably try and beat it before tears of kingdom drops even though it’s not my fav Nintendo game there’s not much else to get in 2023 for it n ppl in the comments that compare this to red dead or games on that lvl r insane this game doesn’t come close
Finally some dares, mate. BOTW is not the best game in the series by far. Your explanation was just on point, couldn´t agree more.
Should I just get genshin impact??
Y's has always been better than Zelda... its more rewarding to play from gameplay to story for me. 
Y's 9 was too easy but whatever.. still fun.
FF XV killed it too. WAY overlooked great game with multiple ways to finish...
Just finished it for the first time. While it has a lot of 10/10 things about it, the overall rating I'd give it is 8/10. It's my least favorite Zelda game but still a great experience that blows you away at times. It is definitely more of a spectacle than what I would call a great *game*. If you take the fanboy goggles off it's really mostly a walking simulator and puzzle-solver. There is an enormous amount of content fluff that makes it seem more grandiose than it is.
I just beat the game and I had no idea you could do a dodge followed by a flurry rush
Elden Ring is much stronger
Elden Ring is much stronger
Crap garbage…. it is not that great & I am a switch owner, but its one of the few good games, nintendo offers really, thats any good, in my opinion, It can’t compete with other systems, but hey, we all grew up on NES, thats the charm, so they do get a pass, others would never, get…. its geared more for kids, then they grow up… I have all systems, theirs just too many other games far, better, but It has good focus on puzzles & exploration, everyone loves exploring.
I still haven't been able to perform a dodge haha. But a parry yes
Playing it on CEMU with Hacks... is enjoyable... On Switch the flaws adding up over time, so I stopped playing it... CEMU 66 Hours for my 1st playthrough.
6:46-6:51 isn’t that in Skyrim too lmao? Oh the mountains of cheese wheels I went through in that….
Tried so hard to like the game. But I got sleepy everytime i played. Tons of complaints but the biggest is the weapons breaking. What's the point of fighting a powerful enemy to get a weapon so easily broken its the same as a regular weapon. Takes the whole reward right out of your hands.
This is a well balanced series of criticisms, and many of them mirror my own thoughts. 
Loved the game overall, but the sequel needs to change some things up or it will not land as well for me. 
For starters, I would love them to make the melee combat something like Hyrule Warriors. Just a smoother and deeper experience. 

I also totally agree on this game missing criticisms that it deserves. Metro Last Light caught so much deserved criticism for charging for their hard mode, which was the best way to enjoy the game for core fans. 

Milking your core audience is a crap practice but it's what Nintendo does all the time, and with hardly any criticism.
BOTW was the definition of Wide as an Ocean - Deep as a puddle.
Tears of the Kingdom is Nintendos milking process galore. They are going to milk every drop until there is no more milk left. They will have to import milk from other planets when they are done milking everyone.
@ 5:50 ironically there exists such a system within Zelda skyward sword with the shields. If your shield is damaged or broken, then you can take it to the scrapper at Skyloft. He will repair your shields or upgrade most of your weaponry as long as you possess the necessary materials to do so. That system encouraged me to utilize my shield more wisely, rather than just to not use it at all due to a fear of it been broken forever. Now, I have not played botw, but If this is true, I have no idea why they stripped this from botw.
I just started playing it an I’m lost on how ppl were saying this was op. I’m a huge rpg fan, but I’m not having much fun playing this
Thank you. I was wanting a review for the game that wasn't blinded by the Zelda fandom.

I wasn't originally tempted in the game, but the latest totk trailer looked good, and the games on sale, but glad I found your review.

I'm not a fan of weapons breaking.
Can't wait for your "Elden Ring is not that good" video
If you ever wotched the comparision between botw and Mario odysee, youd realise that no one ever klammer botw to be perfect, but itd a Revolution

Just like no one said ocarina of time is the best 3d game of all time, but everyone undestands why its the best rated game of all time.

What were saying is that botw is a Revolution, and that that gives it an valiue no other game since its release can compare too
BotW is a decent game... but oh man is it a terrible ZELDA game. It's just NOT Zelda. There's a SERIOUS lack of enemy diversity, no dungeons, no music, no memorable characters, no reason to do anything. Zelda works best when there is a liniar game, with a world that unlocks and opens up WITH you as you beat bosses and get stronger. There is NO SENSE OF PROGRESS in BotW: it's just an endless loop of go here, go there, and the only incentive to explore is a Korok seed or a copy-paste Shrine. Give me a side-quest, give me reasons to care. If Nintendo is so hard set on making an Open Wolrd Zelda, they REALLY need to take notes from Elder Scrolls or Red Dead Redemtion 2. That, or go back to Zelda. Make ZELDA, ZELDA again!
Skyrim is better. Same with eldin ring. Botw is babys first open world game. Tell these nerds to play a game with some depth
If BOTW was not a Zelda title it would have been considered a mediocre game
People complain about the degrading weapons but the degrading weapons was a necessary sacrifice to make the game better. I completely doubt people would enjoy always having the most op weapons ever and always destroying everything in their path. The only other way to fix this is by having a blacksmith at every stable and village in the map so anytime your weapon is weak, you go there and give the blacksmith materials to repair the weapon but then again that could get tedious. Idk which one would be better honestly but I’m happy with what he have. I usually get multiple weapons every life cycle of a weapon I use to find those other weapons.
YouTuber: Slightest whiff of criticism towards botw.
YouTuber again: Proceeds to read an entire essay of problems with botw.
Yep I agree the rain making it impossible to climb was a stupid decision. Only thing I completely agree with you on lol.
The only thing I partially agree with you on is the side quests. Yes they are bland and not very rewarding but every time I do a side quest, it leads me to something new or some fun gameplay like maybe coming across a small boss fight. Side quests give more purpose to explore the entirety of the map.
Idk what advantage you could’ve gotten during the ganon boss fight besides either damaging ganon straight away or making links mastersword more damaging. I think they did good.
Botw gets a free pass for including a hard mode in a paid dlc simply because the game is already a masterpiece and anyone who plays the hard mode will have an entirely new experience that is dozens or hundreds of hours long. Other games don’t get a free pass because most of them aren’t non linear gameplay and a open world sandbox. If a story game like Detroit become human asks me to pay money for a hard mode then fuck that. It barely changes the experience.
Yeah idk what your talking about, “Hunting weapons down”. Who does that? Lol.
Botw’s shrines and korok seeds are actually fun. Korok seeds are like mini puzzles that you come across on your journey and shrines are just bigger puzzles that are more rewarding. It’s just a you problem. Botw doesn’t get a free pass because the community generally likes the shrines and korok seeds.
When a game is as big as botw, your gonna find more flaws in it than other games.
This a massive troll lol
Argument 1: I gets boring after 25+ hours --> The shrines are all different!! OR: Go to Ganon! You don't HAVE to find all the shrines and Koroks, you know!
Argument 2 with the weapon duration seems a bit old by now, dont you think? Yes, it's not perfect, but the game makes up for its few flaws in so many ways that this is a moot point.
Argument 3: The divine beasts are not rewarded enough?! --> HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH! Oh, you being serious? Urbosa's fury? Revali's gale? Not having to beat the blights before Ganon? Cutting his health bar? Come on, bro!

Now you can retreat to flaming those snowflake Nintendo fanboys as you did right at the start. It wasn't presented in a funny way and it's not a good start for your video, in which you go on to demand a fair assessment.

Also "Yes, it's a fantastic game, but ..." = "not THAT good" shows you're just trying to be edgy for generating clicks, therefore nothing I'd go on watching.
BRO Zelda was the start of the new beginning in the Zelda games botw was the first game ever on the switch and the creators did a really good job it took me years and I'm still not done with it! Overall I rate it a 15/10
Its always nice to start a video off by shitting on an entire fanbase of people just because you disagree with them enjoying a game.
Great analysis. I kind of wish you dug your heels in even deeper and explored the other gripes you mentioned, I feel like a lot more could be said from this pov. I do adore this game but I agree it's bogged down in the same ways as virtually all open world games and I feel like the genre as a whole has these inherent downsides -- even Elden Ring, my favourite game of 2022, had its fair share of tedium. The difference there was there wasn't nearly as much empty space as there is in BotW
In the part where you talk about not playing the game how it's supposed to be, I think it's not about the destination but about the journey, for me personally I really enjoyed beating all of the divine beasts, I understand my experience won't be similar as everyone elses, but it's worth giving it a try.
I have to question the sanity of anyone who enjoys playing a video game that makes them collect 900 pieces of literal shit for absolutely no reason. Sorry. Nintendo has created a massive sand box with poop to find in it.
That is a fair criticism. I have to agree with all the points you have made.
I am at my second round with BOTW with almost 60 hours spent and haven't gone even once to the Castle.

I still consider BOTW the goat. It still is because no other game is able to give you a coherent world, with natural elements playing such an important role in the gameplay in almost each possible gaming session. revolutionary is Nintendo's wise use of verticality through climbing. the ability to reach each visible place enhances the will to explore. you are rewarded not with the last ultimate weapons, but with an endless sense of freedom while enjoying romantic and dramatic views: i don't know how many times i just stopped for a couple of minutes just watching mountains and dragons. 
walking, fighting, climbing, swimming, flying, riding your horse is the experience and essence of the game itself it is all so well combined and balanced. 

That said, there are some flaws, but none all the one you mentioned are relevant for me. i like the weapon deteriorating system. I am ok with the shrines. 
But I dislike the poor quality of the dungeons (OOT where are you) as well as all the ganon battles. the last is really the worst. that said again, it doesn't change my opinion of the first part of this comment. 

Thank you for sharing your thoughts.
Probably the objectively best game but not my favorite
The little movie clips you put in your videos is unbearable. Which is sad, cause your opinions & voice are 9/10.
But shit are those random clips annoying af
Video:
,,It's a great game, but not the best one ever."
If a statement like that earns you almost 50% dislikes, you know the Nintendo fanbase is fu**ed...

Okay...the chirping stuff is really subjective and I think most people really didn't care for that...starting the ,,flaws"-section with that was a pretty bad choice...

Also, I think it's quite funny how Nintendo designed the hardest 3D Zelda game with Breath of the Wild but chickened out at the last second and basically said ,,Here, have 30 red potions so you never die!"
Arceus is better.
Wait how do you play on pc
Your cuts are fucking stupid
I want to play Zelda- Breath of the Wild, but I’m really bad an video games and sometimes my brain just doesn’t work for puzzles. I kinda like fighting ish games but I’m kinda lazy when it comes to open world exploration. I’ve never played a Zelda game either. Would Zelda- Breath of the Wild be a waste? I’m on the fence lol 😃
This is not a zelda game.. i cant stand this game. Its so boring! The weapons breaking so fast sucks, the empty open world is boring, and constantly cooking and swapping armor to climb/swim/stay warm/cool off is incredibly tedious!

Worst zelda game Ive ever played. Except maybe Link, for nes.
I bought the game on many recommendations from my friends when I got my switch, and after putting maybe 8 hours in I couldn’t understand what everyone was seeing that I was missing. Honestly just bored me out of my mind and I didn’t know where I was going or what I was doing. Ironically enough was clowned on because I didn’t like the game and thought it was probably the worst nientendo game I’ve ever played.  Turned me off the other Zelda games, but was able to make up for it with Mario Odyssey though
Tbh the "gathering" system was a 2nd thought for me, I've always worked with what I picked up and saved what I thought good weapons for big boys when I could. But I think you're right about the ending.
It's a better and more creative sandbox game than most sandbox games
Its not that good, its better than the word good. for this game you need to invent a new word for it
No it is the best game ever made.. Hands down n i hate the switch.
Great review!! Finally..
his game had some true magic on the first playthrough but ultimately lacks any motivating factors on a replay. The excitement of the first playthrough was wondering what youd find-- but once the cats out of the bag, you realize that there's nothing to find besides shrines, koroks and copy-paste weapons. There were moments of intrinsic rewards like finding ruins and relics of the old hyrule... but thats it. I will also be replaying on Cemu in anticipation of Tears of the Kingdom
When he mentioned the thing about building up powerful weapons for the final boss...yeah you just use your master Sword and that bow that's tossed to you like it's a RE game 🤣
I don't believe this game is the GOAT but I do believe it's appropriately rated for the most part. I'm not convinced it's the best Zelda game but I think it is arguably the best Open World game to date.
if they want people to use differnt weapons, MAKE DIFFERENT ONES SUPER EFFECTIVE AGAINST DIFFERENT ENEMIES!
Couldn't get through 2 minutes of your constant wailing and whining like a toddler. This is a free video and I still want my money back
BotW is a great game but in retrospect it does feel a bit unfinished when compared to other Zelda titles. It's kind of a hugely successful experiment, and because of the hype around it a lot of fans can't acknowledge that it has a lot of flaws like you pointed out.
I can agree with everything you've said in this video and I could list a lot more, like the poor enemy variety, the almost non-existent story and its questionable execution, the lack of interesting bossfights, almost no memorable characters, sidequests that were way too short and downright unnecessary, etc etc.
I hope Tears of the Kingdom will improve upon these flaws and not blindly try to be a successor to BotW only because it was successful and caters to the mainstream.
I agree that there should have been other dungeons in the game besides the Divine beasts, and something tells me that we might be getting that with tears of the kingdom next year (2023).

I personally would love a remake of the original legend of Zelda (NES) in this style, since that game was the inspiration for Breath of the Wild
I'm going to tell you right now, not even the biggest fan of Breath of the Wild likes the degradable weapons. I do like that it teaches you to use the other tools in your arsenal, but the rate at which weapons break in this game is freaking ludicrous!
I don't even like how the master sword can run out of energy. I get that it would be broken otherwise, given the context, but that don't mean I got to like it
4:12 because it's *_optional._*

If you really wanted to, you could beat the game without doing any of that stuff.
I completely understand your criticisms with botw and I agree with most of them, even with them this is still easily one of my favorite games of all time. I should keep in mind I'm mostly a nintendo fan so there is some bias. What are some of your GOAT games, would love to know!
tbh I find dungeon design in Elden Ring pretty lame too, very very repetitive, same mechanics with a easy boss at the end for almost no good reward
Started playing this a month ago. I cannot put it down !
Such a nitpicky bitchy video.
Videos like this make me miss dislike button so much. What's wrong with you?
Love this game.
The only thing I really dislike about the game is how fast your weapons break. On my first play through I thought that the master sword never broke and you could use it indefinitely, so I sunk in the time grinding for it. Once I got it, I probably got about 10-15 hits in before it ran out of power and needed 10 minutes to recharge. Like you, I get what they were trying to do with this mechanic but it’s completely broken and unrealistic when it comes to weaponry.
I’m enamored by the look of this on pc, which I didn’t know it was a thing…  so vibrant
Yes it is THAT good, it is one of my most relaxing gaming moments of the last 10 years.
Don't bother on playing Zelda then. Futire titles included
Just playing for the first time, its great but I would say Elden Ring is better.
your playing on PC DISGUSTING PLAY IT ON THE SWITCH HOW ITE SUPPOSED TO BE PLAYED BUM👎🏾🤣
So should I get it or not?
To me at least, the greatest game of all time isn't the game with the least flaws but the game that's just...the best. I agree with basically everything in this video, but I don't think that a game having many flaws immediately makes it worse than a game with very few flaws. Breath of the Wild is one of my favorite games, and while I don't know if I'd label it the GOAT, I can see the argument for it being the GOAT, not because it has a small number of flaws, but because it has an overwhelming amount of positives.
1. The main story is almost non-existent, with the vast majority of key cutscenes playing out via random "flashback" spots in the world you may or may not stumble upon.  Unless you use a guide, you will not be getting the full narrative in chronological order, which makes it even less interesting.
2.  Link's iconic horse Epona is locked behind an Amiibo figure that you have to buy in addition to BOTW.
3.  Link's iconic Master Sword upgrades are locked behind a DLC paywall.
Didnt even know this was on PC... or did you use an emulator? I never cared for nintendo or anything console.
I think that you made some ok points but this game is obviously not for you but this was my first ever Zelda game and it is a 10 out of 10 and your picking  things apart so you can get views this review is terrible
Shut up respawned!
Is my favourite game of 2022
I can see why you wouldn't like collecting all the seeds and completing shines. But I don't think any player was really meant to complete them all.  I think they just meant for you to find enough of them to get you where you need to go. They have no way to predict where the player would go so they just scattered them all over the place in the hopes that the player would organically solve enough of them to get upgrades at a steady clip.
To summarize:
BotW <<<< A good game
But…
BotW >>> OoT
I think this is the most overrated game of all time. It’s good but extremely repetitive. Personally i think the witcher 3 and red dead redemption 2 are miles ahead of this game.
U R WRONG. ZELDA WAS MY FIRST GAME IN FRANCHISE AND I LOVE IT. IT ISNT PERFECT. AND I PERSONLLY PLAY MORE PS5 AND PC GAMES.  IT IS NOT PERFECT BUT IT IS WONDERFUL, FUN AND HAS SOME COZY NOSTALGIA
Mid review
